Work About Contact Get weather Hi, my name is Wojtek Lukowski { I create, fetch and display JSONs } I am a Düsseldorf based < Software Engineer > with an UX Design background. Send * The model is still learning, therefore some of the answers may not be accurate Development Projects Go to UX Projects Some of the projects are deprecated due to the changes in availability of public API's, platforms, etc. Dot4 by REALTECH Dot4 is a cloud-based hybrid tool that combines ITSM functionalities with a robust CMDB to support comprehensive IT operations management. It enhances transparency and operational efficiency by providing detailed dashboards, automated workflows, and service tracking capabilities. It supports ITSM processes like incident, problem, change, and configuration management. Moreover, the CMDB component enables detailed tracking and relationship mapping of configuration items (CIs) across the IT infrastructure. Angular TypeScript CSS Kendo UI TestCafe Weatherize A responsive web weather app . The app is using geo-location to determine user's ocation and a public API for the weather data. Unregistered users can check the weather for their current locations and for their locations queries, while creating an account allows to save the favorite locations and see the data right on the dashboard. The weather data is presented in current, hourly and daily (2 weeks) modes and is enhanced with graphics/charts. HTML CSS Create React App React Recharts Node.js / Express MongoDB Heroku Postman OpenAI implementation Backend implementation of an AI chatbot for my portfolio, built with Node.js and Express to handle communication with the OpenAI API. The chatbot processes user queries using curated materials such as my portfolio and CV, ensuring context-relevant responses. The backend manages request routing, error handling, and data parsing while maintaining efficient interaction with the frontend, which displays chatbot responses in real time. The queries and answers are stored in a database (Cloud Firestore), using a TF-IDF & cosine similarity (to prevent doubling queries) and will be used for model fine-tunning. HTML CSS JavaScript Node.js / Express Heroku Cloud Firestore Postman Python port scanners Simple Python port scanners designed for learning Python and exploring basic networking concepts. The project helps to practice coding with sockets while gaining insights into how ports work and understanding network security principles. It's a beginner-friendly way to enhance programming and pre-hacking skills. Disclaimer: This project is for educational purposes only. Always ensure you have permission before scanning any network or host. Unauthorized use may be illegal, and the creator is not responsible for misuse. Python Covid Info Vanilla JavaScript client side API app displaying the covid data for a selected country with a data visualisation (Google Charts). User can select a country and a number of days. Fetching the data from a public API. Fully responsive (by changing the browser window size, need to refresh for the Google Charts to be re-rendered to adjust). HTML CSS JavaScript Google Charts Vanilla JavaScript Menu A simple menu, usually taken from some existing library, but I have built it from scratch using only vanilla JavaScript, HTML and CSS: opens when clicking on the element switches between the submenus second click on the currently opened item closes the menu "Esc" and a click outside the menu closes the entire menu responsive - from 500px changes to hamburger with the same functionality for submenus menu items and menus can be added or removed in HTML only (with proper classes) without the need to adjust JavaScript JavaScript HTML CSS Entwicklungshelfer AGdD is a non-profit organization focused on the development service (Entwicklungshelfer), which is a special form of engagement - with contractual conditions and benefits regulated the German development worker law from 1969. Frontend / styling project completed for Q4U Agency, with Docker, gulp, Typo3 (content management platform) and SCSS(SASS). Docker gulp SCSS(SASS) Typo3 Movies API - React client side The client-side for the MoviBase application allowing users to view the details of the movies from the data base. Users need to create account and all the available movies will be displayed upon login. Then they can review particular titles, as well as their directors and genres. Users can also edit their profile data. JSX SCSS JavaScript React Bootstrap Movies API - Angular client side The Angular version of the client-side for the MoviBase application allowing users to view the details of the movies from the data base. Users need to create account and all the available movies will be displayed upon login. Then they can review particular titles, as well as their directors and genres. Users can also fav and unfav movies and edit their profile data. HTML SCSS TypeScript Angular Angular Materials Movies API This is the server-side part of my movie API that contains endpoints for the information regarding movies from tha data base (titles, descriptions, directors, genres and visuals) as well as on directors, genres and users. Tested with Postman during the development process. JavaScript Node.js Express MongoDB Postman Pokemons API The app features the names of the Pokemons and fetches the data from the API when a button with a name of an individual Pokemon is clicked, opening a modal with the name, height and image of the selected Pokemon. HTML CSS JavaScript jQuery Bootstrap Evently (Google calendar API) Evently is a serverless progressive web app fetching the data on the wed-dev events worldwide from the CareerFoundry calendar. It is using the Google API Calendar, OAuth, Serverless and AWS.The frontend has been built with React (with Create React App). JSX SCSS JavaScript React Serverless AWS OAuth Jest Recharts TalkNow (React Native chat app) TalkNow is a native app (mobile communicator). Users enter their name and select the color which will be used for rendering the start button, their messages bubble and the custom actions button. Possibility to send text messages, images (from the gallery and taken with the camera) and own location. Stores messages and displays when the user is off-line. JSX React Native Expo Cloud Firestore Gifted Chat UX Design Projects Weatherize A responsive web weather app for the water sports enthusiasts. Are you brave enough? View project Weatherize Frontend Prototype Visit the frontend prototype of the weather web responsive app I have designed. It has been developed with HTML, CSS and JavaScript. View project My Portfolio Site This case study will present the process of design and development of my own portfolio site (yes, the one you are currently looking at). I have designed it and then coded myself using HTML, CSS and JavaScript. View project CSS animation example I created a svg image, added its code to my HTML code, added classes to the elements of the image and animated them using @keyframes (motion and change of color). About me I am a Düsseldorf based Software Engineer with a UX Design background. I find pleasure in a constant debugging and I am always looking forward to a new error message as a progress indicator. I work with HTML | CSS/SCSS | JavaScript | Node | Express | React | React Native | Angular | MongoDB and many more. LinkedIn Resume GitHub Tech stack JavaScript TypeScript HTML CSS/SCSS Angular React TestCafe Kendo UI Git (version control) TFS/Jira Node.js Express MongoDB PostgresSQL Postman Burp Suite Figma Contact me LinkedIn wojtek_lukowski (at) yahoo.com © Wojtek Lukowski